---
published: false
---
### Intro
It was a gloomy sunday day, the wind breeze was heavy. A good climate for a cycle racing. Back then i was 10 years old & all my passion was to be a cycle racer one day. I live in a housing scheme where there is lot of kids. We used to have cycle racings frequently. I had a nick name as knight and i should admit that i had lot of girl fans. The race was about to start and i was on mark eagerly waiting to pedal. I had a fairly good condition bicycle with a rusty cycle chain. The race started i was so focused on the road pedaling fast as i can & leading the race upfront. Suddenly the steering wheel jerked & i lost the rhythmic flow of my pedaling . That evening in the roads near to my housing scheme, a slipped cycle chain changed me. It was not only slipped but it was tangled too.

I pulled out the cycle from the race track, and in the bright lights, parked on a slope leading to a busy street. Mr. Toastmaster, Fellow Toastmasters and guests, have you ever done something….stupid? I broke the first rule of changing a slipped cycle chain. You should Choose a level spot. So I  got down from the bicycke to inspect the condition. The Rusty piece of metal chain slipped and tangled hanging there. I thought, I can handle it. I first quickly tried to untangled the chain BAM! it worked. Then tried to put the chains back while slowly rotating the pedal. (sound effects). An inner voice said, You are an idiot! Then another voice…Reach out! Reach out?! But i was like I can handle it. I slowly used my right hand on the moving chain to lift the chain up to make it easy to fall in right places of the chain ring. BAM! it worked succeeded in placing the slipped cycle chain aligning to the chain rings.  The moment of joy cycle stand collapsed. The cycle collapsed. since its a slope it started moving and i can remember my right hand is on the chain. BAM My heart collapsed! (sound effects) When the fingers used to lift the chain meets the chain ring it cuts off my fingers into pieces. I was like, now i should reach out to someone. I screamed for help I somehow pulled out my chopped fingers with bleeding blood everywhere. That evening I stopped to put back a slipped cycle chain. Instead, that chain changed me.
 
### Conclusion
I used to believe that to reach out was weakness. I discovered my weakness was refusing to reach out. When you reach out, you attract ideas that lift you up. When you reach out, you attract solutions that lift you up. When you reach out, you attract friendships that lift you up. Maybe you want a better voice. Reach out to a singer. Maybe you want better writing. Reach out to a writer. Maybe you want better slipped chain changing skills? Reach out to me! I’ll help you! Is there something collapsed in your life? Your knowledge may be limited. Your skills may be rusty. But no doubt, you will be changed when you reach out.
